hi all good girls
today I have a video here a little bit
different but if you like you can
do more often with other colors other
brands
many of you when you launched the collection
of marina ruy barbosa compared the kit
lino with the march mello already do it of the
left
So I decided to record it for you. It's the
our difference between one thing and another
a lot of people talk is not equal to equal
Like I found it completely different.
Nor do they say that he's a cousin.
far cousin
today I am a medium bluish lilac knows
it's darker and stronger and be
two layers it perfectly matches
already a slipper I used three layers to
cover if not a little ax
and he's blue he does not have oxy do not know
is more fragile and has nothing drawn by
there and now I'm showing you
two hands together to compare even k 1
one year from the next, you can see that the
bluish and lighter is machina mundi a
do it and originals more dark more
strong is the uncle so I do not think he has
nothing to see
gives to have two colors of the collection without
they are not the same I think neither
they seemed to know only a faint reminder
from one color to another at least my
opinion do you think
they are parecis you have another the
two
I get 12 so this is it girls if you
did you like the koch video for us?
to help spread it is in our
channel if you are new here
Kisses and until next time